https://codepen.io/juliangarnier/full/BsIih 3D Chess 1v1
https://kenrick95.github.io/c4/ Connect 4
http://dave-and-mike.github.io/game-off-2012/ Algae's Escapade
http://cykod.github.io/AlienInvasion/ Alien Invasion
http://stephank.github.io/arashi-js/ Arashi
http://www.dougmcinnes.com/html-5-asteroids Asteroids
http://change-game.herokuapp.com/ Change
http://shohan4556.github.io/jolly-jumper/ Jolly Jumper
http://projects.iarke.us/codenamelumberjack/ Codename Lumberjack
http://dommmel.github.io/coffee-snake/ Snake
http://ondras.github.io/custom-tetris/ Custom Tetris
http://d3shooter.herokuapp.com/ D3 Shooter
http://razh.github.io/game-off-2013/ Hyperspace Garbage Collector
http://omarshehata.me/html/ludum/ I Spy a Ghost
https://play.devnewton.fr/newton_adventure/ Newton Adventure
http://ogoshen.github.io/game-off-2012/ Octocat Jump
http://khele.in/pappu-pakia/ pappu pakia
https://rabiroshan.github.io/snake_game/ snake v2
https://couchfriends.com/games/5 space shooter
http://mrrar.github.io/spashal/ Spashal
http://sqoff.com/ Square Off!
http://maettig.com/code/canvas/starship-sorades-13k/ SORADES 13k
http://martindrapeau.github.io/backbone-game-engine/super-mario-bros/index.html Super Mario Maker
http://www.schillmania.com/survivor/ SURVIVOR

